Document JSON schema type casting logic (#237)
snowplow/documentation: docs/pipeline-components-and-applications/loaders-storage-targets/snowplow-postgres-loader/index.md

With Snowplow Postgres Loader you can load enriched data or plain self-describing JSONs into PostgreSQL database.

> Type reference for our loaders could be found [here](/docs/understanding-tracking-design/json-schema-type-casting-rules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Schemas in Postgres

For more information on how events are stored in Postgres, check the [mapping between Snowplow schemas and the corresponding Postgres column types](/docs/understanding-tracking-design/json-schema-type-casting-rules/index.md).

:::
```
